AbstractGeneratorStrategy acts as an observer, which gets Definition parameter of container, Class<? parameter of extends Global References File Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition File Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition, Mode parameter of mode File Name, which gets File Root, which gets Definition parameter of container, Class<? parameter of extends Global References File, which gets Definition parameter of definition File, which gets Definition parameter of definition, Mode parameter of mode File, which gets String parameter of fileName File, which gets Definition parameter of definition File Header, which gets Definition parameter of definition Full Java Identifier, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Setter Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Getter Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Method Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Class Extends, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Class Implements, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Class Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Package Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition Java Member Name, which gets Definition parameter of container, Class<? parameter of extends Global References Full Java Class Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition Full Java Class Name, which gets Definition parameter of definition, Mode parameter of mode Full Java Class Name, which gets EnumDefinition parameter of definition, Collection<? parameter of extends Java Enum Literals, which gets EnumDefinition parameter of definition, String... parameter of literals Java Enum Literals, which gets Collection<? parameter of extends Java Identifiers, which gets Definition... parameter of definitions Java Identifiers, which gets Collection<? parameter of extends Full Java Identifiers, which gets Definition... parameter of definitions Full Java Identifiers, which gets Definition parameter of definition Fixed Java Identifier, which gets Definition parameter of definition Fixed Java Class Name.
